three famous antarctic tears osvar
gathered today in one place around
Alexandria City, Shklov District, on
passing rights once ran here
yourself there is no and be january greeks and fairs
with folk festivals were here
traditional but today sorochinskaya
Fair from Ukraine and Nizhny Novgorod and
pupils temporarily deregistered
because today going to Alexandria and
Ukrainian needlewoman try
hit the festival guests with your own
embroidery masters from Russia matryoshka
painting we crawled maydanskiy have
three hundred years and no demolition take rubbing
pattern on these symbols of national
cultures are so similar but unique
this is the soul of the nation they say the master of Belarus
proudly showcasing his
national relic famous Slutsk
the belts have become not only historical
cultural symbol but also modern
trends of belarus at the end of the new old
times are very long
here to master learn to weave a belt
here weavers had to learn
seven years just to master this
skill was so high
complicated structures there is a question
to make it necessary to have several
main thread systems multiple system
accurate people was so complicated it
just the man who took this one
got on a shift this genius was that
the time is the fifth consecutive year Alexandria
gathering friends
not only Belarusians come here
whole families from different parts of the country
but also guests from neighboring states we
arrived from Moscow
the nights we like belorussia here
come to see it live
but about clean eyes I like it very much
fun fun at all i got acquainted with
Kaliningrad
Convoy Nizhny Novgorod city of Belarus
Generally such a beautiful Havra such
the mood is the first time i have heard
last year wanted to come but it is very
right and wonderful in due time
idea to conduct ses in alexandria
supported by the president of Belarus
as the experience of the holiday has become more and
effective way to develop small
settlements and involve as much as possible
more tourists so last year
the festival in alexandria attended more
60,000 people the main innovation of this
years the organizer called participation in
cultural forum representatives of the three
Belarus countries Russia Ukraine and
the festival appeared and the motto of the Dnieper recko
friendship I was driving now
also recorded a song my own kut know
somewhere, perhaps even tears in his eyes
To accumulate such a Pole is beautiful all
so noble so pure me
That was a holiday on July 3, I said
without any hypocrisy let's
rejoice that we live under the blue sky
empty-handed with alexandria
fair
no guest left yet
do it yourself
and most importantly with the soul like rushnyk gorlach
or keg here can be seen as
masterpieces of folk art are created and
even learn from the folk masters
Master Yury Bovdo from Bobrovsky District
more than a dozen years to revive
ceramics art on his personal account
nearly a hundred students left it
opaque so are you feeling
at the tips of banggood.com y plus 30 on
the street was not enough to file parkour baths
and everyone could get
master class from bathers gennady
frost on a Russian bath
the drums themselves Russian bath 60 total
different and 620 vines
Now I understand that 30 years is especially steamed
with health for health with soul for
souls
and you could fish with your hands and
immediately regulate them and where without
Belarusian bulba even designers
competed for the best costume for
potatoes very soon on the main
the gala concert
wig days friendship with craftsmen
Arts of Belarus Russia Ukraine among
stars hope Babkin and Russian ensemble
song of the group ivanushki international
Artists of the Russian Center named
Zavolokina play lookout goal winner
project voice sergey spinners also on
the scene will be the ensemble of songs nikolai
Skork of Athens Afanasyev Irina Dorofeeva
many others and the music marathon
last after the holiday
fireworks for the troubled in alexandria
youth disco until morning of course
special mood mood on festo
create expectations for an unusual night
Kupala girls will be released on the water
wreaths of bastard on his betrothed the most courageous
will jump over the fire
fire that night is considered to possess
purifying power and of course in the night
fulfillment of desires every hope
to find
cherished branch ate obstetric
Vladimir is not up to fighting our news
Mahilyow region